AutoVOD v1.0
A tool to auto-upload OBS recordings to YouTube with autogenerated metadata
Created by Sage Severson

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS:

- Download and extract zip file
- Put AutoVOD folder in root of C drive -> C:\AutoVOD
- Follow setup below or in README in the zip folder (recommended)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Instructions:

 1) Ensure OBS is installed

 2) Download Python 3.11 using link below (will not work with anything newer than 3.11 currently)

	https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.11.0/python-3.11.0-amd64.exe

	I) Install in default path
	II) MAKE SURE TO CHECK "Add python.exe to PATH" (VERY IMPORTANT)


 3) Creating Google OAuth Key:


 *This is required by Google. Will ask for some details such as contact email but since you won't share this project this won't be used or made public*


	I) Go to Enable APIs and Services

	II) Enable YouTube Data API v3

	III) Find and click create Credentials

		a) Credential Type:
			YouTube Data API v3

			User Data (OAuth client)
			
		b) OAuth Client ID
			Application Type-- Desktop App
			Name: OBS Uploader


	IV) Download your credentials (long JSON file)


	V) Go to Audience tab
		a) Create test user
		b) Add email you're using for YouTube uploading 


	*If it asks you to configure a consent screen first:*


	VI) Click configure consent screen

		-- Fill in bare minimum if possible, otherwise --

		a) Choose external use (if prompted)

		b) App name: AutoVOD

		c) User support email: Your email

		d) Developer contact email: Your email

		e) Save/continue through until you can return to credentials


	VII) Rename credentials file exactly to: client_secret.json


	VIII) Put file in C:\AutoVOD


4) Run install_dependencies.bat in the AutoVOD root folder


5) Run FinalCheck.bat in the AutoVOD root folder. Take note to not run FinalCheck.py by accident

	I) This will check that the proper py files, secret_client.json file, and tests if YouTube authentication succeeds.
	II) For first time setup, this will launch google cloud console and ask for permission. If this fails, ensure you have set up your email as a test user in step 3.
	III) Once this succeeds, this will create a pickle file in the root folder. This allows you to use the application without asking for permission in the future.
	

 6) Open OBS and go to Tools -> Scripts
	
	I) In python settings, browse and find the root folder of python 3.11 -> Most likely C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python311
	II) Ensure OBS says "Loaded Python version 3.11"
	III) Restart OBS to ensure changes took place
	

 7) In your main OBS scene (the one you’ll record from), create these Text (GDI+) sources:

	P1_Name
	P2_Name
	Round (Winners Finals, Grands, etc.)
	Tournament (Manoa Monthlies, West Side Smash, etc.)
	P1_Char
	P2_Char

	* Character fields can be left blank if not wanted. Right now if used they will show up in the description but not the title.
	* These are what the script reads to build the title / description.
	* If your overlay already has labels, you need to rename them to match.
	

 8) In OBS, go to Tools -> Scripts and add the obs_trigger.py script located in the AutoVOD root folder
 

 9) Look at script description on right side of window. ENABLE auto-upload and fill out fields:

	I)  Python.EXE location -> Most likely C:\Users\USER\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python311\Python.exe
	II) Location of youtube_uploader.py (AutoVOD root folder)
	III) Do not fill out text fields. These will be auto-generated by the script
	IV) Press close
	

 10) Ready for test. Use script by starting a recording of about 10 seconds. I have a safety net that rejects an upload of shorter than ~5 seconds

 11) Check YouTube for upload, should be listed as public with all metadata attached.
 
 

 Finished!!! Enjoy :)
